hello youtube this is edible shart and
I'm here today to do a review on the
Pongo folio this is a case for the 3ds
so it's getting the review okay so here
we have the case it's a good size right
here they have the Nintendo 3ds logo
emblem whatever you want to call it
around the edges they have a stitch in
white stitch in the case is not real
hard it's not real soft it is a little
like it's like car work on it but it's
like squishy inside so you can bend it
but at the same time it does have
padding that feels like it would protect
it you know right here though zipper the
pulley thingy again it says Nintendo 3ds
um yeah that's the outside parents of it
zipper goes all around okay let's get
into the case okay so here it is you
open it at first you see a lot of things
I already have a couple games in it to
the right side you will see that there
is three slots for games three three and
there's a closed part and you turn it
around there's another three three nine
thoughts and another nine thoughts you
can fit 27 games on the right side right
here there's a space for an extra stylus
I tried it but I don't feel like getting
out of my 3d ice right now it fits great
ok let's go to this side on this side
right here you'll see there is a little
pocket area where you can stick your
charger car charger a our cards wherever
you want sticking there I will show you
how the charger fits okay I've tried
this before this is the only problem I
have with this case is the charger is
very hard to get in I don't think it's
meant for almost but I mean you have
charger with it you really got to
stretch it open and squeeze it in the
entryway is really small but inside it's
actually really big so if you can get it
inside the hole yeah
then it's big enough inside there see it
drops all the way down to there and then
again it's obviously hard to get out and
I don't feel like doing that right now
and then right here you have the actual
case for it are you sticking in it says
again in 10 to the 3ds when you open it
up you will see this velcro that keeps
it down look in there's where your 3d
ass goes there's two game slots right
here to fit two games so it all in for
29 games plus putting one in the system
um right there let me try sticking my 3d
s in it I think it fits real well slide
it in there fits well and then this is
where it gets his name from actually
first I want to say one thing this case
the games don't stay in that well you
have to be careful because they might
slide out of rooms in a while that's my
only other problem the things too small
and the games can slip out and then this
words got his name from the pool and go
folio you know you obviously can't stick
this big thing in your pocket so if you
want to go somewhere you can have this
is like a little entertainment center
and then if you have to go in somewhere
where you don't want to bring this carry
this thing around this right here you
pull it off and here is a smaller case
that fits in your pocket perfectly fine
Oh big your pockets are for me if it's
perfect
um I told you already it doesn't
engender - yes um and then you have just
a little case which has two slots your
stylus would be in your 3ds and you have
one game in there so it has three games
overall and then when you get back you
can just drop it back in and it stays so
that's my review on the
Nintendo 2ds case of Poland go folio
hope you liked the video please rate
comment subscribe and keep coming back
for more unboxings and reviews bye